This website creates 4 relational databases to store workout information regarding the user, machine or equipment, exercise, workout, and workout exercises that were completed. 

Relational Schema:

User(id, user, email address, password)

User contains the id auto generated by Django to create the primary key, username, email address and password to log in to the website. I was able to use the User function auto created by Django to create this database. 
 
MachineOrEquipment(id, name, description) 

MachineOrEquipment uses the primary key of id to identify each machine or equipment uniquely. This database table also includes the name of the machine or equipment and a description that could be blank if you wish to provide no further information. 

Exercise(id, name, description, MachineOrEquipment_id)

Exercise uses the primary key of id to identify each individual exercise uniquely. This database table also takes the name of the exercise, description to provide yourself with some notes on the exercise, and a foreign key to the Machine or Equipment name. 

Workout(id, date, User_id, notes)

Workout uses the primary key of id to identify each workout uniquely. This database table also has the date of when the workout was logged, the user which is a foreign key to the User database table. Lastly, it has an attribute of notes to provide yourself with some notes based on how you were feeling that day or tips for yourself. 

WorkoutExercises(id, Workout_id, Exercise_id, reps, weight, sets)

WorkoutExercises uses the primary key of id to identify each workout exercise uniquely. This database table has the foreign key to the Workout database table and foreign key to the exercise database table. Lastly, it contains information regarding the attributes of reps, weights, and sets based on each workout exercise. 

